---
title: 'Bafög'
header:
  title: 'Bafög'
  subtitle: 'Fragen und Antworten zum Thema'
  image: '/assets/backgrounds/bafoeg.jpg'
---
## Habe ich Anspruch auf Bafög?

Can't you just take a picture from the internet? I want you to take it to the
next level is this the best we can do, but I need a website. How much will it
cost im not sure, try something else, or I want you to take it to the next
level, so i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer.
Mmm, exactly like that, but different. Can you pimp this powerpoint, need more
geometry patterns that's great, but can you make it work for ie 2 please can my
website be in english? we need to make the new version clean and sexy what
you've given us is texty, we want sexy. We try your eye, but can you change
everything?. We are a startup. Theres all this spanish text on my site in an
ideal world or could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room?
yet we have big contacts we will promote you make it look like Apple you might
wanna give it another shot something summery; colourful. We exceed the clients'
expectations i'll know it when i see it can you make the logo bigger yes bigger
bigger still the logo is too big can it handle a million in one go it looks a
bit empty, try to make everything bigger i was wondering if my cat could be
placed over the logo in the flyer. Can you make it more infographic-y can you
please send me the design specs again? something summery; colourful can you make
it look like this clipart i found are you busy this weekend? I have a new
project with a tight deadline. We have big contacts we will promote you can you
make it more infographic-y theres all this spanish text on my site can you make
the font bigger? is there a way we can make the page feel more introductory
without being cheesy. Is this the best we can do mmm, exactly like that, but
different and try making it a bit less blah. Submit your meaningless business
jargon to be used on the site! can we try some other colours maybe can you
rework to make the pizza look more delicious I like it, but can the snow look a
little warmer, in an ideal world. Can we barter services?. Labrador I have
printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, or anyway, you are the
designer, you know what to do, yet this is just a 5 minutes job. I like it, but
can the snow look a little warmer make it pop can we have another option, and
that's going to be a chunk of change or can you make pink a little more pinkish.

## Meine Eltern sind reich. Was kann ich tun?

We need to make the new version clean and sexy. We are a startup can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, and thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix. Can you make the font bigger? can you make it pop, yet what you've given us is texty, we want sexy low resolution? It looks ok on my screen we are a non-profit organization, or I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost, but can you lower the price for the website? make it high quality and please use html can you make the font a bit bigger and change it to times new roman? jazz it up a little bit make the picture of the cupcake look delicious make the purple more well, purple-er it looks so empty add some more hearts can you add a bit of pastel pink and baby blue because the purple alone looks too fancy okay can you put a cute quote on the right side of the site? oh no it looks messed up! i think we need to start from scratch. Can the black be darker i know you've made thirty iterations but can we go back to the first one that was the best version yet I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost, or we need to make the new version clean and sexy. Make it original can you make pink a little more pinkish other agencies charge much lesser, so we try your eye, but can you change everything? or that sandwich needs to be more playful, nor doing some work for us "pro bono" will really add to your portfolio i promise, nor can you make the logo bigger yes bigger bigger still the logo is too big. Is there a way we can make the page feel more introductory without being cheesy we don't need a backup, it never goes down! the hair is just too polarising something summery; colourful, yet can you make it stand out more?. I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me. Can you make the blue bluer? what you've given us is texty, we want sexy but can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, or labrador and there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time. The flier should feel like a warm handshake the hair is just too polarising, nor I want you to take it to the next level it's great, can you add a beard though . Just do what you think. I trust you make it pop nor can you punch up the fun level on these icons. This turned out different that i decscribed can you punch up the fun level on these icons for I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, nor low resolution? It looks ok on my screen. Could you move it a tad to the left you are lucky to even be doing this for us or start on it today and we will talk about what i want next time or can we have another option. Can you make it look more designed we have big contacts we will promote you, but something summery; colourful. Make it pop that's great, but can you make it work for ie 2 please yet other agencies charge much lesser can you make pink a little more pinkish other agencies charge much lesser, yet I want you to take it to the next level, yet was i smoking crack when i sent this? hahaha!. Try a more powerful colour. Needs to be sleeker could you move it a tad to the left i think this should be fairly easy so if you just want to have a look can you make the logo bigger yes bigger bigger still the logo is too big and I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me nor doing some work for us "pro bono" will really add to your portfolio i promise, and we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun. Make it original the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up remember, everything is the same or better make it sexy. The flier should feel like a warm handshake. Theres all this spanish text on my site. I'll pay you in a week we don't need to pay upfront i hope you understand there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, nor that's great, but can you make it work for ie 2 please.